grab the into your leash pull the plug
with one hand grab and ilish take the
end of the lesions and slap the tuck
handle just a little bit or just a
little bit hold a free weight let's see
what he offers you got off this past
night every ticket late like don't put
away free gift op do it again but nope
don't move this out don't worry oh now
react Napoli good we'll ask them to do
more for your left
oh that's my strike that way better here
the down the gravel go okay take your
legs and put them all the top of them
there you go there you go take wolf
inside here your feet in there you go
flap up either give us no hole in the
pole
there you go good jagger I hope you pull
you up one third you go in hey wait
let's see if he gives you something
inside pull back pull back pull back
there you go okay now walk out grab the
toy get free three three reach or like
you're in steal it from them slower
though ah still knock it off okay don't
correct them though you want it you want
to hold it back just like interest from
they you pull too much now just hold too
much and now we thinking the whole mom
doesn't want me to get it it's like
almost like this keep away again like
I'm going to get it yeah probably the
first day whether
there you go there now go dead on the
toys go dead for me yeah argue the
moment you see them regress try to rip
you yank it there you go
and sometimes you give it three inks in
a row knuckle will get arms like oh
there you go
put your leg all the way up top there
you go squeeze his head blown his nose
okay
yeah
you